README.md, before:

# WiZ App 💡

_Simple ElectronJS APP to connect and control [WiZ](https://www.wizconnected.com/es-ar) Bulbs._

## Preview 📌

![Preview](https://i.imgur.com/d4RZz9v.png)

![Scenes](https://i.imgur.com/JySYM8y.png)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This app is still in development, so it may have some bugs.

## Installation 🔧

You can download the latest release from [here](https://github.com/MatiasTK/WizAPP/releases/latest).

## Usage 🚀

- Open the app.
- Wait for the app to find your bulbs.
- Now you can turn on/off your bulbs and change their scene.

## Building 📦

If you want to build the app yourself, you can do it by following these steps:

- Clone the repo.
- Install the dependencies with `npm install`.
- Run `npm run make` to build the app.
- The app will be in the `out` folder.

## Built with 🛠️

- [ElectronJS](https://www.electronjs.org/) - Framework used.
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/) - Used for the UI.

## Responsibilities 📖

This app is not affiliated with WiZ in any way.

Commit message:

feat: :sparkles: Added option to enter ip manually

README.md, after:

# WiZ App 💡

_Simple ElectronJS APP to connect and control [WiZ](https://www.wizconnected.com/es-ar) Bulbs._

## Preview 📌

![Preview](https://i.imgur.com/d4RZz9v.png)

![Scenes](https://i.imgur.com/JySYM8y.png)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This app is still in development, so it may have some bugs.

## Installation 🔧

You can download the latest release from [here](https://github.com/MatiasTK/WizAPP/releases/latest).

## Usage 🚀

- Open the app.
- Wait for the app to find your bulbs.
- Now you can turn on/off your bulbs and change their scene.

## Building 📦

If you want to build the app yourself, you can do it by following these steps:

- Clone the repo.
- Install the dependencies with `npm install`.
- Run `npm run make` to build the app.
- The app will be in the `out` folder.

## Troubleshooting 🔨

If the app have trouble discovering your bulbs, you can enter the IP manually. You can find the IP of your bulbs in the WiZ Android app.

## Built with 🛠️

- [ElectronJS](https://www.electronjs.org/) - Framework used.
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/) - Used for the UI.

## Responsibilities 📖

This app is not affiliated with WiZ in any way.
